Hello and welcome to this art tutorial.
So in the British Statoil we did a pre-processing phase we imported the data set and selected only the
level him and the salary column then we didn't have to spend the day to send into the training set and
attested because as you can see the data set is a very small dataset with only 10 observations.
And finally we didn't have to apply scaling.
So that made this first preprocessing step pretty easy.
And now we are ready to move on to the next step which is to fit our polynomial model to the data sets
.
However I would like to show you how the polynomial regression model is a much more powerful model for
our situation and the best way to show you this is to actually compare it to a baseline model like a
reference base model which will be our linear regression model.
That's why in this Statoil we will build two models the linear regression model and the pulling of your
regression model.
And then we will compare the results we will compare the graphic results and also the predictions.
So you'll be convinced that the polling and the regression model is a much more appropriate model for
this problem.
And the main reason for that is that our problem is a nonlinear problem.
OK so let's start by building this linear model it's going to be very quick because we actually really
did this.
So you know we start by creating or regressors that this time we're not going to call regressors because
we will build two regressors the linear one and the polynomial one.
So we will call it Lin rock.
Here we go.
And then you know later we will call our polynomial regrets are probably wrong.
So Liberec equals and then remember we have to use the L.N. formula.
And so we need to add some parenthesis here and then let's remind ourselves what we need to input by
pressing F on here to have a look at the arguments.
OK so remember the first argument is formula.
So the formula is very simply the salary that is already been invariable Tilda.
So I just spread it out and and then a dot here to take all the independent variables.
But actually there is only one independent variable so the dot here is strictly equivalent as just writing
level.
OK so perfect for the first arguments and then what is the second argument.
It's data so data.
OK so let's add this argument.
Data equals.
And now let's see.
OK.
So in the linear regression section we actually used the training set here as the data argument to train
our linear regression model.
But as we explained before here we did not speed the dataset into the training center the test set.
So we were simply going to train our model on the whole data set itself because it's a small data set
anyway and we want to have the most accurate prediction.
So here simply we will just input data set.
All right and our linear regression model is ready.
We are actually ready to build it so let's just do it let's build our linear regression model and press
and commander control plus and do execute.
All right then our aggression made.
We can have a quick look at the summary here summary.
Let reg so some typing this in the console and pressing enter.
And here are the statistical results of the model.
We're doing this on our Because as you can see it's really easy on bytes and we would have needed to
import a class create an object.
Here it's really easy so we're going to have a look and we can see that the level has to store us here
for the level of significance and is actually not a bad predictor of the salary.
Let's wait for the polynomial model to see how it can be much better than linear regression.
OK so now let's move on to the next level.
That is the better model polynomial regression.
And let's build it.
OK so as I mentioned we're going to call this regress or Poley underscore Greg.
Right this way.
And you know since the polynomial regression model is actually a multiple in our aggression model in
which the independent variables are actually the polynomial features of one independent variables.
As Carroll explained in the intuition tutorial Well we're going to use again the L.M. function as we
did for linear regression.
So here I'm just going to start by taking my L-N function at the parenthesis and we're going to input
our two arguments.
Formula equals salary till the out.
And then this dot here dory will actually represent something else.
So so far I'm just putting the dots and you understand what's going to happen next which will make our
polynomial regression builds correctly.
So then come up and then we add our second argument which is still going to be the data equals data
set because we're going to train our polynomial regression model on the whole dataset.
OK so now you must be telling yourself Wait but this is exactly the same as linear regression.
Well that's true and that's why we need to add a little something here to make this model a polynomial
regression model and this little something that we're going to add is actually the pulling of your features
.
The polynomial features are actually some additional independent variables that are going to be the
level squared level cubed level to the fourth level to the fifth up to any degree you want.
These are these additional independent variables.
There are going to compose are new metrics or features in some way which will actually be the matrix
on which will apply multiple linear regression model which will make the whole model a polynomial regression
model.
So in short a polynomial regression model is a multiple regression model that is composed of one independent
variable and additional independent variables that are pulling in terms of this first independent variable
.
Ok so now that we get this idea you'll perfectly understand what we're about to do right now.
When building our polynomial regression model because what we are going to do is to build this polynomial
terms and to that extent what we're simply going to do is to add specifically and you call them here
in this dataset which will be the level squared.
So we're going to call this new independent variable level 2 and let's add this new column right now
.
So to add a column in a data frame we need to take our data frame so it's data set.
Here it is and then we need to add a dollar sign here and then we can add any name here which will create
a new column of this name and add it into our dataset.
So we're going to call this call him level 2 because we're taking the level squared of our 10 levels
.
Then we add equals and then we actually need to give the formula of the values in this level to go in
of our data sets and this formula is there for the levels in our data set and the power of two.
So very simply we're going to take all the levels of our data sets by taking our data set and same adding
this dollar here to take the level column which is here I just have to press enter.
So by doing this I'm taking the level call him that is all the values of the level column in our dataset
.
And now I'm going to take the square of all these levels in our data sets and so to do this very simply
I just add hats and to that said that we'll just create a new column which will contain the squares
of our 10 levels in our dataset.
So let's see right now my data set contains only two columns level and salary.
And if I execute this.
Here we go.
Now let's have a look at the data set as you can see.
I now have three columns level salary and level two.
And as you can notice the value and the level to call them are the squares of the values and the level
column.
OK.
And now we can build our polynomial regression model because now it is done here not only contains the
level column but also the level to call him.
So this will build a multiple in our regression model where the independent variables are the original
independent variable and the polynomial term of this first independent viable.
And if you want to build a bullet in a regression model with a higher degree Well you will need to do
the same here you know we can copy this line and paste it here and just add a level 3 column that will
contain the cubes of the levels in the original independent variable level of our dataset.
And as you can see it'll be very easy.
I just need to execute this line and this will add a level 3 column in our dataset.
And so now this little dot here will be the original in the pen variable level the square values of
our levels and level 2 and the cube values of our levels and the call them level 3.
You can add as many powers of levels as you want but maybe we will stop here.
We will see what is the best polynomial regression for our model.
And so we will see what we'll get with this one.
And now let's actually build the polynomial regression model.
If we select this and execute press command and control pass and to execute and done our polynomial
regression model is created also.
So we're going to have a look that's type summary in the console poly reg and let's press enter and
let's see where we get.
OK so now where we can see is that these are level 2 and level 3 polynomial terms that we created are
actually statistical significant variables but it's actually this table here does not show the real
deal of the polynomial regression model for our problem.
You will be much more convinced in the next tutorial where we'll be visualizing the graphic results
and you will perfectly understand why are pulling a regression which is a non-linear model will make
a much better job at predicting what we want compared to this linear regression model because it's a
linear model.
So we'll check that in the next tutorial.
And until then enjoy machine learning